Nonsense
My carriage is made today
How could it be shredded by red dust fragments?
His Royal Highness
You are bragging
It's better to have a limit.
Report to Your Highness
The minister just sent someone to investigate
Only these two pieces of iron were left in the whole carriage
Please take a look
prince
What is engraved on it is the logo of your Qin Ying Mansion
Would you like to see it?
prince
This iron flake looks a little familiar.
Isn't this fragment a sign of my house?
Absolutely not.
This missile is so powerful
If the emperor doesn't believe it
You can ask Yu Qian.
Report to your majesty
His Royal Highness
The missile we're following is powerful
Not only did he blow Lord Qin's carriage to pieces
Palaces a few kilometers around were also burned down
It's just trying to think
If you add a little more flame
The entire palace can be blown to pieces
Such a terrifying weapon
Impossible absolutely impossible
Wang Yi
You can also see the power of this missile
Do you dare to oppose it?
Sinners dare not
Then I, the immoral and incompetent prince
Do I still want to apologize to you?